Add documentation for config to skip widget_build_url for DM rooms (#25518)
vector-im/element-web: docs/config.md

    }
    ```
    The `widget` is the `content` of a normal widget state event. The `layout` is the layout specifier for the widget being created,

>     as defined by the `io.element.widgets.layout` state event. By default this applies to all rooms, but the behaviour can be skipped for DMs
>     using the option `widget_build_url_ignore_dm`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    as defined by the `io.element.widgets.layout` state event. By default this applies to all rooms, but the behaviour can be skipped for DMs
    by setting the option `widget_build_url_ignore_dm` to `true`.
```
